The FAU College of Engineering and Computer Science is internationally recognized for cutting edge research and education in the areas of Computer Science and Artificial intelligence (AI), Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Bioengineering, Civil, Environmental and Geomatics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, and Ocean Engineering. Research conducted by our faculty and their teams expose our students to technology innovations that push the current state of the art of the disciplines. The College research efforts are supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the Department of Defense (DOD), the Department of Transportation (DOT), the Department of Education (DOEd), the State of Florida, and Industry. The FAU College of Engineering and Computer Science offers 34 degree programs at the Bachelors, Masters and Ph.D. level with a modern twist that bear specializations in areas of national priority such as artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, internet of things, transportation and supply chain management, and data science. New degree programs include Masters of Science in AI (first in FL), Bachelors and Masters of Science in Data Science and Analytics, Ph.D. in Transportation and Environmental Engineering and the new Professional Masters of Science and Ph.D. in Computer Science for working professionals. The strength of our College is our people. I am delighted and humbled to be working with our truly outstanding faculty, students, alumni, staff and Advisory Board to make our College and institution a success. In the past year, our people have defined FAU’s ethos of “unbridled ambition.” From driving discoveries to treat malaria in developing babies - in the womb! – to innovating bioinspired materials that mimic mangroves to guard coastlines, to leading interdisciplinary teams that develop a first-of-its-kind bioengineered robotic hand, the College is pioneering big ideas that impact the global good. At FAU College of Engineering and Computer Science we educate the next generation of engineering and computer science workforce in the following disciplines: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Bioengineering, Civil Engineering, Environmental Engineering, Geomatics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Ocean Engineering (the first and one of the biggest programs in US, housed in our unique facilities in Dania Beach). We offer traditional degrees with a modern twist that bear specializations in areas of national priority such as cybersecurity, Internet of Things, transportation and supply chain management, and data science. Cutting edge research conducted by our faculty and their research teams, expose our students to technology innovations that push the current state of the art of the disciplines to new heights. As we are moving steadfastly towards the 4th Industrial revolution of artificial intelligence and autonomous systems that is expected to have tremendous economic impact and improve the human condition in ways that we cannot even predict, the College of Engineering and Computer Science is poised to become a leader statewide, nationally, and internationally in education and R&D in artificially intelligent connected secure autonomy in air, ground, undersea or inside the human body. This is taking place through new investments that build on ongoing innovations and technology advancements by our faculty in the area of autonomous systems over the past many years. Our research efforts are supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF), the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the Department of Defense (DOD), the Department of Transportation (DOT), the Department of Education (DOEd), the State of Florida, and Industry. Examples of sponsored research initiated just this past yea